hello all are welcome to the channel
I'm going to make another video here now.
showing me another acquisition I made
through the Internet
Look, I just bought this fight right now .
mega duke macau sanchez where troy
invoice everything ok I liked it too much
now it does not come in very
good inside the packages
this other suitcase where it is
and here is the case
jesus troy protections
I liked it very beautiful.
of these 11 black
the pocket
the opening
This is to draw water.
everyone was very important too
knee protection
the good recluse liked it
I already know it is not waterproof, right?
I already have a jacket and I know I do not
it's impervious to an advertisement
this then I was considered commitment or
hazel advertisement even get into it and
She already caught a shower with her.
very heavy and wet thirst - I go
walk with the same objective raincoat
is a more protective clothing by the
price
I paid right if I want a
better quality than clear that will
cost more because of the treasure
I really liked that the freebie did not
stop being good
so I let 20 of mega of the other
Only as a hanger did it break.
I do not understand why the packaging of
mail or mail transport right
There was a lot of advertisement in the mail.
paying some videos showing the
post office in this year-end rush and
christmas / new year playing product here and
there on this path that this
material that is very hard 8 all the same
I do not know with one I do not know how they
they got it right
Sometimes here, just take it so long that it lasts.
a lot of the grandson very hard
the mail transport has succeeded
to break
imagine you shopping on a hd and
asking by mail how that hd is going
to arrive
the experiment the pants x 11 300 reais in
Internet
309 with free shipping cost in my
city of 400 and 450 reais away
I preferred to buy it I went there like this in my
shop tried to buy some
more calm away but not served just had
a rg i wanted a model g
So I ordered this one here.
Internet
the model today
troy model gl 100% light polyester
whose disk is rain is very weak not
will resist but on the long journey
Imagine all this stuff that wet
floor that will stay
many times when you are scrolling through
few kilometers the cause will resist
said that my goal is a trip
Very good, I liked it under a lot of rain.
emelec is to stay the tip for you guys
I liked stuff and now I'm going to test
It is not waterproof but it is worth
cost of 300 reais the better material
pays two thousand and five thousand reais
three hundred reais among what it's worth to be
very good x 11
American eyelash is swinging looked
How did she stay?
You as I already said with great
Do not play with me here.
all the same
ga iffhs what I want to protect is
very large
use yes to be told with this setting 507
beauty
I liked it more detail to receive that the
of the mega duke occupied with 10% of discount
the southeast is to buy a little bit like that
Because I bought two and there they leave
to hire but after making one more
next sale buy here you already have there
gloves x11 much enjoyment with the protections
I bought a size a little larger than the
average got a little tight I found
we recommend to all walk
protected short video and share
help in the publicity that is good to us
have to disclose